If any bugs are discovered in Emacs/W3, please report them to the
mailing list w3-beta@indiana.edu --- this is where the brave souls who
beta test the latest versions of Emacs/W3 reside, and are generally
very responsive to bug reports.

Please make sure to use the bug submission feature of Emacs/W3, so
that all relevant information will be sent along with your bug report.
By default this is bound to the `w' key when in an Emacs/W3 buffer, or
you can use 'M-x w3-submit-bug' from anywhere within Emacs.

For problems that are causing emacs to signal and error, please send a
backtrace.  You can get a backtrace by 'M-x set-variable RET
debug-on-error RET t RET', and then reproduce the error.

If the problem is visual, please capture a copy of the output and mail
it along with the bug report (preferably as a MIME attachment, but
anything will do).  You can use the @code{xwd} program under X-windows
for this, or @key{Alt-PrintScreen} under Windows 95/NT.  Sorry, but I
don't remember what the magic incarnation is for doing a screen dump
under NeXTstep or OS/2.

If the problem is actually causing Emacs to crash, then you will need
to also mail the maintainers of the various Emacs distributions with
the bug.  Please use the 'gnu.emacs.bug' newgroup for reporting bugs
with GNU Emacs, and 'comp.emacs.xemacs' for reporting bugs with
XEmacs.  I am actively involved with the beta testing of the latest
versions of both branches of Emacs, and if I can reproduce the
problem, I will do my best to see it gets fixed in the next release.

It is also important to always maintain as much context as possible in
your responses.  I get so much email from my various Emacs-activities
and work, that I cannot remember everything.  If you send a bug
report, and I send you a reply, and you reply with 'no that didn't
work', then odds are I will have no clue what didn't work, much less
what that was trying to fix in the first place.  It will be much
quicker and less painful if I don't have to waste a round-trip email
exchange saying 'what are you talking about'.
